Apply dark mode styling to multi selects rendered by select2 (#4502)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]
### Changed
- All links in disease table on diagnosis page now open in a new tab

> - Dark mode settings applied to multidelects in institute settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dark mode settings applied to multiselects on institute settings
```
